What did the Queen and the Queen say?
The Queen ordered.
I'm going to kill you tonight.
Humiliating me at the party at home wasn't enough.
Want to kill.
This is our queen.
There is no shame in having been six masters.
It was a hundred times more cruel than her granddaughter Yao Fei.
Master, let's go find the Emperor.
Wait a minute.
The most unreliable person in this palace is the emperor.
So what do we do?
What to do?
Borrowing a murder knife
Master Mieu Tu Hy in Bao Hoa power pray for the fetus in her belly.
The flowers are good.
The bow can leave this.
Dying in front of the Queen
Talk about it then.
The first queen.
Epiphany killed Miao Tu Hy.
Looking for Yang Lihua.
The wise owner.
Queen Ai that year designed to destroy you.
Don't blame anyone's house for the stone.
If you want to blame the king, blame only you.
The one who is favored by the emperor must die alone.
Miao Tu Hy
My good cousin.
Why do you live better than me?
Fuck you.
Huh?
Haha.
How's it going?
Lady Yao Fei, you are dead, this harem will be you and me.
Is it your world?
Yes.
Let s show it to the Lord.
Your death.
Ms. Yao
What do you want to see the bow for?
Miao Sixi, how are you?